[Documentation] update Copy From S3 page content (#3342)
bacalhau-project/bacalhau: docs/docs/setting-up/data-ingestion/s3.md

When a job is submitted, Bacalhau prints out the related `job_id`. We store that in an environment variable so that we can reuse it later on.

:::info

> This works with datasets that are either publicly accessible or when node has valid s3 credentials to access such data. See the [S3 Source Specification](../other-specifications/sources/s3.md#credential-requirements) for more details.

Reviewer: > This works with datasets that are either publicly accessible or when node has valid s3 credentials to access such data

The either in this sentence implies that another attribute of datasets is about to be mentioned.  I think it might be in the wrong place

```
This works either with datasets that are publicly accessible, or with nodes that have valid s3 credentials for the data

```

```bash
bacalhau describe ${JOB_ID}
```

> - **Job download**: You can download your job results directly by using `bacalhau get`. Alternatively, you can choose to create a directory to store your results. In the command below, we removed the results directory if it existed and created it again, downloaded our job output to be stored in that directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Job download**: You can download your job results directly by using `bacalhau get`. Alternatively, you can choose to create a directory to store your results. In the command below, we remove the results directory if it exists, create it again, and download our job output to be stored in that directory.
```
